Update README.md (#1)
renesas-rz/meta-barcode-poc: README.md

This README file contains information on the contents of the
meta-barcode-poc layer.

> To build the full barcode POC, access to application layer is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the full barcode POC, access to the [application repository](https://github.com/renesas-rz/barcode-poc/) is needed.
```

> Please contact dirk.seidel.uj@renesas.com or abigail.sun.xh@renesas.com for access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact dirk.seidel.uj@renesas.com or abigail.sun.xh@renesas.com for access.
```
